s/#define/WINAPI __stdcall /g
s/ATOM/unsigned short /g
s/BOOL/int /g
s/BOOLEAN/unsigned char /g
s/BYTE/unsigned char /g
s/CCHAR/char /g
s/CHAR/char /g
s/COLORREF/unsigned long /g
s/CONST/const /g
s/DWORD/unsigned long /g
s/DWORD32/unsigned int /g
s/FLOAT/float /g
s/HACCEL/void* /g
s/HANDLE/void* /g
s/HBITMAP/void* /g
s/HBRUSH/void* /g
s/HCOLORSPACE/void* /g
s/HCONV/void* /g
s/HCONVLIST/void* /g
s/HCURSOR/void* /g
s/HDC/void* /g
s/HDDEDATA/void* /g
s/HDESK/void* /g
s/HDROP/void* /g
s/HDWP/void* /g
s/HENHMETAFILE/void* /g
s/HFILE/int /g
s/HFONT/void* /g
s/HGDIOBJ/void* /g
s/HGLOBAL/void* /g
s/HHOOK/void* /g
s/HICON/void* /g
s/HINSTANCE/void* /g
s/HKEY/void* /g
s/HKL/void* /g
s/HLOCAL/void* /g
s/HMENU/void* /g
s/HMETAFILE/void* /g
s/HMODULE/void* /g
s/HPALETTE/void* /g
s/HPEN/void* /g
s/HRESULT/long /g
s/HRGN/void* /g
s/HRSRC/void* /g
s/HSZ/void* /g
s/HWINSTA/void* /g
s/HWND/void* /g
s/INT/int /g
s/INT16/signed short /g
s/INT32/signed int /g
s/INT8/signed char /g
s/LANGID/unsigned short /g
s/LCID/unsigned long /g
s/LCTYPE/unsigned long /g
s/LGRPID/unsigned long /g
s/LONG/long /g
s/LONG32/signed int /g
s/LPCOLORREF/unsigned long* /g
s/LPCVOID/const void* /g
s/LPDWORD/unsigned long /g
s/LPHANDLE/void** /g
s/LPINT/int* /g
s/LPLONG/long* /g
s/LPSTR/char* /g
s/LPVOID/void* /g
s/LPWORD/unsigned short* /g
s/PBOOL/int* /g
s/PBOOLEAN/unsigned char* /g
s/PBYTE/unsigned char* /g
s/PCHAR/char* /g
s/PCSTR/const char* /g
s/PDWORD/unsigned long* /g
s/PDWORD32/unsigned int* /g
s/PFLOAT/float* /g
s/PHANDLE/void** /g
s/PHKEY/void* /g
s/PINT/int* /g
s/PINT16/signed short* /g
s/PINT32/signed int* /g
s/PINT8/signed char* /g
s/PLCID/unsigned long* /g
s/PLONG/long* /g
s/PSHORT/short* /g
s/PSTR/char /g
s/PUCHAR/unsigned char* /g
s/PUINT/unsigned int* /g
s/PUINT16/unsigned short* /g
s/PUINT32/unsigned int* /g
s/PUINT8/unsigned char* /g
s/PULONG/unsigned long* /g
s/PULONG32/unsigned int* /g
s/PUSHORT/unsigned short* /g
s/PVOID/void* /g
s/PWORD/unsigned short /g
s/SC_HANDLE/void* /g
s/SC_LOCK/void* /g
s/SERVICE_STATUS_HANDLE/void* /g
s/SHORT/short /g
s/typedef/INT_PTR *PINT_PTR; /g
s/UCHAR/unsigned char /g
s/UINT/unsigned int /g
s/UINT16/unsigned short /g
s/UINT32/unsigned int /g
s/UINT8/unsigned char /g
s/ULONG/unsigned long /g
s/ULONG32/unsigned int /g
s/USHORT/unsigned short /g
s/VOID/void /g
s/WORD/unsigned short /g
